If you have multiple evaluation metrics to track in your experiment,
then you should be careful to specify the criteria for calling your experiment a success,
so that you don't make excessive errors in your judgment.
For example, let's take this experiment
with an online store front with two evaluation metrics.
The probability of adding a product to
the cart and the probability of actually completing checkout.
Although, these measures are correlated,
we'll simplify the example by assuming that they're independent.
Let's say that we call the experiment a success
if either metric is statistically significant.
At a five percent type one error rate,
what is the probability that we falsely called the experiment is success,
assuming that there is no actual effect of our changes?